>> Brian Holt: So let's go ahead and
add two more tests here.
The first I'm going to say is, hey,
given a particular type of search,
we want to make sure we're rendering
a correct amount of cards, right?
So going back to our app here,
if I type, what do I do?
>> Brian Holt: If I type, orange, right?
It should only render one,
what's one that will render two?
Black?
Yep, if I type, black,
it should render Black Mirror and
Orange is the New Black, right?
That makes sense?
So I want to test that functionality to
make sure that the search is happening
the way I anticipated.
So, let's go in here.
The first thing we're going to do, is
we're going to import show card, as well.
So import ShowCard from ../ShowCard, and
we're also going to import preload
from ../../data.json
>> Brian Holt: Okay under that we're gonna
say test.
Search should render correct amount
of shows based on search term.
>> Brian Holt: Something like that.
>> Brian Holt: Sorry,
that's the third test we're gonna write.
[LAUGH] Getting a little ahead of myself.
The first one I just wanna make sure is
that given no search term that it's gonna
render everything.
So we'll put that third test aside for
a second.
Then we'll say search should
render correct amount of shows.
>> Brian Holt: So just in case if
you're not familiar with the testing in
JavaScript or in general,
this is the string that you're
gonna be shown if the test fails.
So you want something descriptive
enough that you can read that line and
say, I know what failed.
That's the goal here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so I'm gonna say
const component = shallow search.
>> Brian Holt: And
then here we're gonna say expect
preload.shows.length,
>> Brian Holt: To equal,
>> Brian Holt: Component
.find(ShowCard).length);.
>> Speaker 2: You said that's
what should be shown if it fails?
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Speaker 2: So for the first test,
search is trying to correctly
what it shows on the fields.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so it's gonna
say this is the test that failed and
it's gonna highlight it in red.
So search does not render correctly,
right.
So that's kind of.
I see what you're getting that you would
say something like search the .render
correctly, right,
like a more error type message.
That's not typically the paradigm
that you write it with.
Typically you write with a paradigm
like this is what this is testing right?
This is testing this search
renders correctly, right?
And then it shows in red that
this did not happen, right?
That's kind of the implicit way of doing.
It's up to you, right?
If that works better for you than do that.
Yeah Mark?
>> Speaker 3: Is there a describe
wrapper to group the tests by type?
>> Brian Holt: There is,
I could totally wrap these with describe.
In fact I'll show you
if you're interested.
Describe search right this would
be like a search test suite,
and then I would wrap all of
these test statements in that.
And then typically inside of
describe you would call these it.
It and test are the same thing.
And then here I would write
instead of saying search, right?
I would say renders correctly.
>> Brian Holt: So it's like instead of
saying like test that this happens.
It says it renders correctly.
It should render the correct
amount of shows.
It should render right?
That's the way that you would do that.
Totally up to you, totally valid.
I would do that if I had multiple
things I was testing in one suite, but
in this particular case I've searched
that's tied to just that search component.
So it makes sense to put them
all on one top level thing.
>> Speaker 4: I know with MOCA they advise
against using aero functions in their
testing because context,
is that not true of Jest?
>> Brian Holt: Their docs use it so
that's good enough for me.
>> Speaker 4: You can sort of
get away with it in MOCA too.
I was just curious.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I haven't
heard anything to that effect but
it would this is less useful for
stack traces.
So if I have an error in here.
I'm gonna get an anonymous function and
not like a named function so.
You have to make a trade off.
I don't want this line 17 test to run
right now cuz it's not actually doing
anything, so you can just put x test,
and it's just not gonna run it.
So for example, if this test was flakey
and I didn't wanna run it right now while
I'm testing other things, just put x test
in front of it and it'll stop running it.
Yeah, and then when you're ready for
it to run, you can just take the x off.
>> Speaker 3: Is that
the same with the it?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, xit and also xdescribe
works for entire suites as well.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go ahead and
run our test again.
>> Brian Holt: So you can see here,
it says 1 skipped,
that's the one that we skipped at
the bottom, and 2 passed, right?
>> Brian Holt: So let's go make it fail.
It's always a good idea to make
sure that your tests fail when you
expect them to fail, too.
So I'm gonna go to Search.jsx,
and I'm gonna game back in here.
So now I'm gonna expect it to render
A show card for every item but
it's not gonna do it.
It's only gonna render
Game of Thrones right?
So if I run this test again,
>> Brian Holt: You
can see here I failed whatever,
I failed my snap shot, that's fine.
I expected that.
So, in this particular case I expected
the value to equal 1, and I received 15.
I have these backwards, don't I?
Okay, hold on, I do this all the time.
>> Brian Holt: So what I have
in expect should be in toEqual.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, yep, yep, yep.
So what goes inside of expect
is what you're testing, and
what goes inside of to equal
is what the answer should be.
>> Brian Holt: It's minorly semantic,
but you get more useful failures, right?
So now if I run this again
I expected to get 15,
right, but actually only got 1, right?
The reason by it,
it only rendered Game of Thrones and
I expected it to render all 15
shows that I have possible.
Does that makes sense?
>> Speaker 5: The focus is
[INAUDIBLE] also like the d describe,
and the i, it like how in Jasmine.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
you can use all of those.
>> Speaker 5: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so I'm gonna go
back to search.jsx, I'm gonna drop this,
save it.
>> Speaker 4: Sorry I can understand why
you get confused about that because it's
expect actual value to
equal expected value.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, totally, right?